Write test scenario for Credit Cards?




1-Check whether the bank appears over the credit card.
2-Check if the logo of the respective bank is displayed.
3-Check the type of the credit card logo is displaying properly. Example: Visa, Mastercard.
4-Check if the Credit card number is displaying clearly.
5-Check if the expiration date is visible.
6-Check whether the CVV number is displayed clearly on the backside of the card.
7-Check whether the user name is displaying properly.
8-Check if the color of the credit card is as per the requirement document.
9-Check if the credit card size (length & width) is as per the requirement.
10-Check the wifi symbol is displaying properly on the credit card.
11-Check if the magnetic stripe width is displaying as per the requirement.
12-Check if the Hologram is displaying over the card.
13-Check if the weight of the cards is as per the document specification.
14-Test Cases For Credit Card Payment
15-Check the maximum credit limit of the card.
16-Check the maximum withdrawal limit of the credit card.
17-Check whether international transactions are allowed on the card or not.
18-Check whether domestic transactions are allowed or not.
19-Check if the user can withdraw cash using the credit card or not.
20-Check users can withdraw cash by using a valid pin.
21-Check user can withdraw cash by using an invalid pin.
22-Check that you can void a payment before posting it and that after posting a payment, voiding is not allowed.
23-Negative Credit Card Testing Scenarios / Negative Test Cases for Credit Card Payment
24-Check if the user can perform the transaction with an invalid pin.
25-Check the user should not allow performing any transaction after the maximum limit.
26-Test Case For Credit Card Application Processing
27-Check the valid card number and check whether the Credit Card is valid.
28-Check for the expiry month and expiry year.
29-Check for the three-digit CVC pin is valid or not.
30-Check with an invalid card number
31-Check with an invalid CVC number.
32-Check for the valid user(number).
33-Check for his/her last login (whether that falls within the quota, the date after his bill was sent)
34-Check for the balance amount that he can access from the allowed one(say Rs.10,000 or 50,000 and the amount that he/she needs for the current transaction.
35-Check for the Account holder’s Name on the Credit Card
36-Check for the expiration date on the card.
37-Check with past expiration months and year
38-Check card field accepts characters
39-The amount will be detected only when all the details are correct
40-If any card details fail, it should throw an error message
41-The transaction will be declined when a card does not have enough balance in their account
42-Checking with a valid card and valid pin.
43-Checking with a valid card and an invalid pin
44-Checking with invalid cards and pin
45-Check how much the balance is on the Card is.
46-Check the Credit Card Verification number on the card.
47-Check for the Credit Card Payment Due Date